= parenthesize

Parenthesize parameters in string or array to use in a SQL IN statement.

== Install

Install parenthesize like any other ruby gem:

    gem install parenthesize

== Overview of usage

  parenthesize puts a single element or a group of elements inside paranthesis
  in a format expected by the SQL statements IN clause.

== Commands

Available Command:

  str = "ABC"
  str.paranthesize  # ('ABC')

  arr = ["ABC", "DEF", "XYZ"]
  arr.paranthesize  # ('ABC', 'DEF', 'XYZ')

  num = 789
  num.paranthesize  # (789)

  arr_num = [123, 456, 789]
  arr_num.paranthesize  # (123, 456, 789)

== Where to use parenthesize

  You can build a SQL query as follows:

  "SELECT id, name, address, fld from users where fld in #{my_flds.parenthesize} order by id"

  Now my_ids will support the following values:

  my_flds = 789  # (789)
  my_flds = [123, 456, 789]  # (123, 456, 789)
  my_flds = 'ABC'  # ('ABC')
  my_flds = ['ABC', 'DEF', 'XYZ']  # ('ABC', 'DEF', 'XYZ')

== Issues, Suggestions

* https://github.com/aksharma/parenthesize/issues/
* or email me directly at (sharma.rubyonrails)
*     this address        (    @             )
*                         (sharmail_dot_com  )

== Contributing to parenthesize

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Anil Sharma. See LICENSE for further details.

